you've got a 2v2 today on torpid cast
and we're going to be watching cry
playing as a chaos sorcerer along with
thog as his little elar buddy what
spider xack doing his teleportation
Shenanigans Bruce Campbell as a warlock
on the other side and D master has a
chaos Lord so this is pretty interesting
cuz we got chaos and Elder on both sides
but different Heroes which will
hopefully make things nice and spicy for
us so the map is medium Cliff mines so
you've got two pairs of power farms that
are a little bit less safe so this is
the vulnerable power farm for the red
team and this is their primary farm this
is the primary farm for the blue team
and this is the vulnerable one for the
blue team so they're inverted which
creates Dynamic
play looks like the two chaos players
are going to in the middle but
unfortunately for Mr damos here he's
going to be facing two with guardians
and banshees lering in the back here
comes a doom bolts out of infiltration
so it would have been hard to scout that
just decides to stay in cover and tank
it unfortunately not the plague Champion
so he's not going to be able to heal it
off with some worship got a bit of pork
here from the Warlock warlock rang
attack there killing a
heretic H it doesn't look like he used
the destructor as well wow a lot of
damage coming from the range attack
there a little bit ship with a
Destructor nothing major Fleet must be
on cool down he used Fleet to get in
there there he goes he's going to Fleet
away and yeah how annoying just Decap
that power quite frustrating there for
the blue team blue team though are
blobbing up quite a bit in the middle
red team in contrast are splitting up
and attacking the
flanks Heretics just going to run
forward here with the CSM try and get
onto the
Jens similar commitment in terms of
power for both the teams with the
exception of the blue team not been able
to put anything on that vulnerable power
point that I mentioned because of the
Decap Bruce Campbell just sort of
stalling but we've got double CSM and
banshees here this could be quite
difficult for Bruce to contend with but
we've got a shuriken we should shut
these down no teleportation on C
CS nor Sigil of the rift could see Sigil
of the rift that could be quite strong
here shuriken will catch out these
Heretics they're going to have to
retreat bit of a fail really probably
would have be nice to keep them in play
you could then use your com warship get
the kill sword in Mele with the
shuriken no heavy gauge filament to stun
the CL if he attempts such and the shuin
does route the Banshees down here but
then gets flanked by two CSM and a
doombots and has to get out of there but
that's why you get two shurikens for
exactly those reasons beautiful
Destructor
there hit cleanly on all six of those
Marines these guys are now in a
precarious amount of Health going to
stay play try and focus down the walll
get him off the field mercil switch
blade is coming
out suppose anticipating perhaps
teleporting sorcerer or Raptors mer the
switch blade will be able to counter
initiate them quite well deos still
keeping the pressure on over here looks
like the K did manage to get into melee
with the
shuriken probably AED by the grenade
launcher Heretics here which we now see
fully upgraded with the AC
too so a couple of AC's makes sense
relatively cheap lean build gives you
something to counter the shurikens at a
distance with shurikens need to be quite
careful here with these grenade
launchers and finally it looks like cry
gets routed down
bottom managed to finally get two gens
up two gens only on the natural Farm
though I think they were quite worried
about deos lering around there so we
should have a bit of a power Le for the
red team you would think they seem to
have had generators up a bit
longer Bruce Campbell though expending a
lot
here though fog did get the aspect on
the
Banshees notti B that Bruce Campbell
doesn't have banshees in tier two they
do scale very well certainly in tier two
not so much in tier three can be boled
as well for the seal so yeah a lot of
upgrades on deus's units does he have
aernal war no no interal War
lot of upgrades but keeping it lean to
minimize his pop which in turn minimizes
his upkeep infiltration worship been
quite annoying it seems wow he actually
managed to dodge the Sigil of the rift
can you believe
it damn that's bad for
cry oh
[__] he actually sent the Heretics
through there missed opportunity with
potential grenade and Retreat there
Bruce a little bit Rusty going to save
it for the CSM
wow no model really damn yeah cry is is
in
trouble loses his care Sorcerer And he
needed that to be able to take out the
shuriken now he is pretty much going to
lose his farm yeah Bruce is just going
to going to Decap that maybe even could
cap it to be honest we'll
see shuriken playing tier one being
problematic here obviously cry not going
for a
particularly strong build against
shurikens but the thing is the shurikens
scale worse they don't scale amazing I
mean they literally don't scale at all
like they you know they don't get any
better in tier 2 than they already are
in tier one but you get things like
blood
betters and
vehicles so you're not too concerned but
Decap there on the power farm so they're
down a complete power Farm now with the
The Blue Team and that's going to hurt
them they might be able to get one unit
out in tier two that cost a bit of power
but then they're going to be a bit
stuck deos going for a bit of Chip
damage there with the ulate on the k slw
onto the generators I'm just going to
shoot them down now with his Combi
Bolter unfortunately he's not able to
deal with this push from the shurikens
and the energy Shields cry could have
opted for the Raptors there were no
banshees in the composition of Bruce but
obviously he does have this very
annoying meress wit blade tanky
Champions Ro warlock
so probably put him off and of course
you've got quite a big investment anyway
in terms of requisition with the double
CSM so he's going to get a blood Crusher
that will help him out of the base Bruce
is only going tier two now fog is super
far behind fog has got a third shuriken
I wonder if that was an OverWatch
mistake Nice kill the weak there from
the chaoslord going to secure his
exit but yeah both the Elder crushing it
here decapped the vulnerable power here
for of deos but deos is going to be
going with blood
lers quite a flanking Force here double
Guardians and the Warlock and a heretic
Squad just protect these guardians from
any melee nothing that can really
contend with shurikens here
though need to be careful of retreat
paths no chance of grenades here though
in Retreat path now we've got CSM of cry
moving back out again blood crush is
going to advance forward Force off the
shuriken that was stopping the cap on
the
power Guardians need to be careful with
the Wallock in there he will kill them
very
fast Grenade on the
going to go for the easy bait there good
damage yeah hard to hit the grenade when
they've been retreating for a long time
cuz your speed increases as you Retreat
so it messes up your muscle memory if
something's been retreating for a long
time they'll be moving faster than they
normally would and it frows your muscle
memory very precarious situation there
for fog retreating for all those
guardians but he manages to get out
without losing a squad which is quite
amazing he's still stuck in tier two uh
tier one though
bit a Miss micro from Bruce there didn't
actually catch the Banshees getting into
melee there with his shuin is's probably
going to lose it CSM fire oh looky here
with a fire ah would have been secured
by the Doom bots anyway there you go one
Shen down wow two shurikens down for
Bruce where did he lose the other one
did he not notice the blood Crusher
getting into melee down at the side or
did he rot it both the shurikens I don't
know it probably happened on screen I
didn't see it I don't recall it but
Bruce has lost both of his shurikens
quite a big Lo
there he going for the Falcon
now but plague Marines could be a pain
in the ass about Shing to keep them away
and Zone them
out he does have double Guardians so
he'll be able to repair through the
damage of a plague Marine relatively
well and also double Guardians with
their warlock plus the Falcon will do
some decent damage to a plague Marine
Squad but they still going to be
annoying deos doing better here now got
a chaos dreadnut out in addition to the
blood letters so the beautiful thing
with de's build here is he's basically
bled
KN look at this Blood letters get into
the retreat path they're going to punish
that shuriken quite a lot remember the
frontal model on the shuriken the actual
shuriken platform itself is heavy
infantry even though the Guardians are
only light
infantry very aggressive push here
supported by the car
worship K Lord using his size his
immense heft that he has to crush the
energy Shields and then forces them off
with let the Galaxy
burn good anti- setup team War gear that
let the Galaxy burn you facing triple
shurikens so it makes
sense and it goes down holy [__] how did
he lose a falcon to Corn Marines and a
blood Crusher he doesn't even he's not
even fighting the Kord I don't
understand if he was fighting a k sword
cuz these guys these melee forces will
be sped up by the corn worship they
could potentially get into melee charge
range of the Falcon and take it out but
Bruce must have majorly [__] up his
micro there blood Crusher might even
take out the the Warlock in melee here
and he
does shank shank shank and tossed aside
by the
Juggernaut wow all right cry needs to
get out of there now though this is a
flank from deos and he has that speed
worship with his dreadn with that auto
cannon that is going to be quite
dangerous weird positioning there from
the blood letters but they just blood
crush is going to charge through them to
get out of there
got a bail Bruce is forced to go for a
fire dragon Squad now which is not ideal
for him cuz you've got corn Marines
already on the field who will dice fire
dragons to
Pieces double corn marines that is
interesting I would have gone for ones
each I think but okay a
Vic this could work well he's going to
have to be very careful about mitigating
bleed his
cry it's a big disadvantage of cor
Marines you've got to get into melee
right so you have a lot of chance of
bleeding quite a lot when you go into
melee these banshees not in a great
position here they're getting OverWatch
fired on them by the turret and they
don't have their xack if they had their
xack they'd handily take down these
ticks but that was a pretty poor
fight fog might get a lot of bleed here
on because of the shurikens as well
we'll have to see oh he's got double
bright Lance okay interesting just to
take out a dreadnut that's a heavy
commitment lost two shurikens to try and
counter this thing and the blood betters
are still in play crack shot activated
there on that bright Lance so the blood
that is need to swap sides wow he just
grenaded his own shuriken down and the
blood Letter is of course we're just
going to get into melee yeah dreadn got
a lot of HP
man Doom bots to get a bit chip on the
blood letters but who cares you can just
heal it off well I suppose the problem
for deos is he needs repairs and he also
needs heals so good job he's got two
ticks this guy needs to get out of base
and start contributing CSM of deos on
the side doing a Decap killed the W
spider reac at some point but likewise
cry decapping the contested VP down here
so they're trading here we go double car
Marines are in melee they need to
obviously get onto the corn Marines
right now they're actually chasing the
dreadn Doom blast will quieten the corn
Marines for a bit oh no going to go for
some worship speed up the dreadn get it
away from the blood Crusher fair enough
don't think the blood Crusher can take
this thing on in base remember it is
vehicle armor so this heavy melee only
does half damage and you're getting that
50% damage resistance when you're in the
base there's a heretic here to repair as
well no this is not a good position for
the blood Crusher repairs hello hello no
repairs oh he's late on the repairs wow
deos [__] it up he didn't
repair we're watching his bloodlet is in
play over here what did he get did he
get anything the sorcerer went down to
something I'm not sure what wow Bruce
Campbell now going for a r Lord instead
okay I'm actually surprised he managed
to get the resources for that that's
quite impressive I guess got low upkeep
because he has so few
units let the Galaxy burn showing its
value once again routes that shuriken
Cannon allows deos to get out of this
choke point which otherwise he might not
have been able to
do fair
enough okay maazin Havoc coming up for
cry yep needs that to deal with this R
Lord yeah corn Marines and your blood
Crusher can chop a falcon up if they the
falcon you know doesn't get away but ra
Lord of course has Mele resist and a lot
more HP so that's
harder where's that Sigil of the
rift oh the cap where what's he heing at
oh he put it behind him to drag the
chaos Havoc forward into position but BL
fire dragons and double Guardians there
just annihilate the chaos sorcerer slow
reaction from cry and unfortunately
chaos sorcerer is quite far away so if
he was a bit closer in play he could run
to here and then use the warp Global to
teleport the hav forward
yeah R FL turns around and [__] slaps
those corn Marines now he's going to
slice and dice them and they're bleeding
man this is the problem they're bleeding
quite a bit needs to get into meley with
a WTH Lord flank from Deer attempt to
save D trying to take out Heretics with
blood letters they do a lot of damage
but they yeah Warlock and RL is is a sad
sight to fight as corn
Marines not
ideal lost the asaran champion and two
models on that corn Marine Squad that is
a lot of bleed deos now has lost his CSM
over here not sure if they yeah they
must have walked into the shuriken and
then got diced up by banshees which are
on the PowerPoint obviously there's a
lot going on all over the map right
now deos alsoo dread not in base and so
he's replacing that in three with chaos
Terminators you got to remember there is
oh no both the bright laners are dead as
well [__] hell everything's dying
there too much going
on way too much going on
so Bruce is still has got a default
shuriken interesting to get that later
on in his composition he's got the fire
dragons so yeah he doesn't need to make
this a bright
Lance yeah I guess this zones these corn
Marines doesn't it that's why he's got
that quite late on it's quite a cheap
Edition they'll shut these guys down
stop them just charging into melee and
forcing off all your ranged units though
cry can mitigate that using sigil C's
going for demon armor and R of the wfire
but I'm concerned that The Blue Team are
falling quite far behind in Tech at this
point contending with Terminators and
you're getting Heretics out and Rod a w
i mean it feels a bit late for that
Filan and target has picked up
eventually on the spider not really
seeing him do too much but he is level
three near level four so he must be
doing
summer and deos once again pushing deep
down the northern side of the
map fog opting for a pretty late game R
FL as well interesting I mean if they
get into Mel with the Terminators it'll
be all right certainly with having
banshees
around would have liked to have seen
Shimmer orbs in play here instead of the
targeters I really don't think there's a
good Target for the the wat spider xrk
really I mean I think shimo would have
had a lot more potential protect the r
FL and the Banshees as they get into
melee you have that melee superiority
right
now and it's a it's a war GE that scales
quite well
DPS and all the like Tom Bots into dark
Flames going to Route the Elder ranged
forces
there blood Crusher nearly killing the
Warlock killed him with corn Marine
pistols right there you can't
underestimate those plasma pistols
they're very
strong another cute little sigil play
there to pull the havocs forward get
some chip onto the re FL but he's going
to lose his CS again bloody hell cry I
think cry must be half asleep in this
game his reactions of the Cs are
terrible there we go opening up with the
infiltration what a beautiful charge
charges right through the C Marines and
there's no Rangers here so these cor
Marines I mean charge through the fire
dragons [__]
hell hang on where's sorcerer yeah we
could teleport this guy forward with a
warp Let's Do It come on use the warp
Christ do it oh my God he's [__] up
where's he going he's going for a w fire
oh he gets it with the the [__] blood
Crusher and the the pistols so the car
Marine pistols have melters on them um
[__] hell this is just ridiculous
this is why I don't cast team games guys
the aspiran champion corn Marine pistols
and melter pistols the plus crush is in
the base killing Heretics right now what
is going on this Blood Crusher by the
way has been an absolute MVP here come
the fire dragon we're going to see a war
to teleport this guy
out yeah keep him in play man yeah level
three blood Crusher kicked ass why not I
don't know about n no Marines though
when you're fighting tier three I think
cry really should be going tier three at
this point 175 VPS for The Blue Team 247
for the red The Blue Team obviously
dominating the map right now deos is
having to carry hard and he's back is
feeling s he's going to be going for a
corn chaos Predator maximize that speed
it's very red it's very red the ox would
like
it that's hilarious
en both the El players have built webw
gets right next to it did Bruce not
notice there's a webway building
he
did but that's bad
yikes yeah heavy infantry fire
dragons taking bonus damage there from
the Power blades of the Banshees pretty
spooky stuff for them but they do live
which I guess is good Bruce is actually
tier three and going for a fire
damn how'd he get tier
three yeah guess he hasn't been bleeding
too much Guardians have been pretty much
retreating out fights instantly as soon
as they were
compromised and then Vehicles don't
bleed do they do not lose your
requisition
Point cry went for blood letters in the
end really doubling down on the worship
player Enemy Fight
harder
okay so the way we get F he's got
another one I think other one got
destroyed didn't it place it with
another
one good damage here from the Predator
onto the Banshees bleeding
them heals the Exar that's got to be
worth something nice Cannon shot killing
a couple of Guardians too y yeah comrads
are so strong look at the speed on this
bad we can't worship oh my God
terrifying then you've got Terminators
in play as well yeah
deos doing very well here fog going for
ra guard what the [__] I mean wow
Predator slays the Guardians and Retreat
damn yeah not looking good for the blue
team I have to be honest the tech here
for the for the red team is looking
quite hard to defeat where is that prism
prison was lightering around that side
for some reason now rotating back over
I'm not really sure why should have just
stayed behind the Predator would have
been fine that dispersed shot would be
very nice right now taking on these CSM
the detection is a bit of a nightmare
really I like this the charging with a
blood Crusher out of infiltration but I
don't like Christ reaction times these
days that not
great blood light is going on to the
havocs that's bad time for the havocs oh
dear are they going to wipe yep blood Le
do wipe him go on Dam MOS smashing it
but he needs to get his Predator out of
there now is that crack shoted no it's
not does sneak out takes a couple of
rear armor hits to the first there is
another Havoc here wow what the [__] I
didn't know there were
two oh it's going to get the rear ammo
oh it shot the prism and not the
Predator [__] it shot the wrong target
if he got the Predator there on rear
armor I think it might have been a Kill
yeah this melee is not really working
for
cry not
really it's bleeding him too much now
you see he's stuck in tier two this is
the
problem I mean it's a bit of a meme
build and it's definitely
backfired oh that's unfortunate killing
that Predator probably would have been
what the blue team needed to come back
into this though I to be honest I still
think they're [__] because they're not
able to really deal with
these fire dragons are done all right
it's just nice to have an AV for it you
can't just walk the ra FL over into
melee here with the Terminators not all
fire dragons are
around okay we making plays down
here kills the fire prism in the base
with
crackshot
havocs but it's a lot of
M Bruce got a pretty good amount of
economy I mean these guys are a little
bit low a little bit low on power I
didn't replace this gen Farm good amount
of requisition I don't know he might
just save up for an avatar really should
probably be replacing the gens down here
though they've got a big excess of these
players
of of requisition right
now stunning the CH Terminators
there
wow but then the Predator comes and it's
seat to the Banshees level four or not
they're doing pretty good against the
Terminators oh they clim a model that's
something I don't know what on Earth
this ra FL of fog is doing all the way
down here needs that in the combat
against the Terminators it's going to be
another prism for Bruce Campbell and
it's going to be a great and clean one
for deos deos has carried this game so
hard it is
unbelievable going in deep with his
blood thers but that's a lot double corn
Marines in a double blood Letter
squad double blood Letter Squad needs to
be careful it's now a single blood
Letter and it's going to die what is cry
doing if reacts
eventually out of range the oh crack
shot bright Lance rare armor snags the
the predator and now we're in a bad
position here with the
Terminators double cor Marines are on
them oh very nice special attack there
from the blood
leers yeah I Dr and prism going to take
out the ra FL bang
goodbye fire dragons probably just
Retreat out of there they're compromised
by the cor Marines demon Shield going to
go down to protect these car Marines but
doesn't protect you against the
knockback of the fire
prison world's worst to retreat
grenade oh
dear yeah K terminat just getting the
base here of the Ally reinforce and heal
and now there's a great and clean one
for blue team to deal with which given
they're stuck in tier two is going to be
quite problematic 100 requisition of 40
to reinforce that Terminator that stings
cuz the red team do not have a lot of
power seriously Bruce you should be
replacing these gens brother you do not
need all that
requisition they must will be able to
get another Terminator out before he
knows it so he does need the
requisition that would be crazy great
and clean one and double Terminators
yeah that's uh a bit of a problem I'm
guess in the chaos lord it's been
spending a lot of time over here I've
not really seen him I feel like I've not
seen the chaos Lord for
ages
is we got another webgate down here good
use of webgates by
fog constantly harassing that natural
but at the same time the red team are
harassing the natural up here
oh wow an eldri in base [__] hell
Bruce did that take anything out did
they kill like a shrien weapons team or
something obviously killed the webway
gate but yeah I'm not sure about
that cha
it's very satisfying watching a prism
knocking over and dealing chunks of
damage to a load of
infantry they're holding one another's
Naturals car Marines will be pretty good
against the guo actually but only when
he's not got his abilities active so he
should save his stomp for when these
guys
commit yeah blood lets phase out they
just have to walk into the
havocs the Havoc DPS against the the go
won't be tremendous but it does snare
him and that's definitely impactful when
he is a melee
enemy uh fire prism needs
microing fire
prism forces the go use the Stomp and C
Marines actually kill the fire prism
there they're not even an AV unit but
the sheer amount of damage they do and
the fact they've got that melee charge
combined with decent side
arms yeah they can they can take out
squishy little Vehicles Like That Power
from Bruce Campbell really just not
microing them but it doesn't matter more
focused on the VPS warlock was down here
takes the
natural guardi managed to sneak through
the webway take the other natural and
that's it GG no more VPS left for the
blue team but I think they were screwed
anyway to be honest deos would have had
another Terminator Squad coming out soon
and both the blue team members are stuck
in tier two not sure what the point of
these W guard was level one at the end
obviously they came out quite late
but I don't really get it I suppose
they're all right again a predator but
man I don't know con worship corn
Predator they're so mobile you really
going to hit them with ra guard they
struggled to hit moving targets so I
don't I don't think
so blood letters were still on the field
and then you had a go like yeah these
guys I you had to get tier three I guess
the blue team conceded that they would
never be able to get tier three they
haven't been able to hold their power
for a very long time so like I said they
were screwed probably a long time prior
but nonetheless nice to see that
interesting build here from crian we did
did actually see the car Marines be
quite effective in terms of a but on the
other hand they did bleed him out and
that's why he was never able to get to
tier three himself so was it worth it
you decide you decide and let me know in
the comments down below but that's going
to be all from your boy top this time I
am signing out
[Music]